Discriptions for the files:

'03.longorf.glimmer','08.longorf.glimmer','09.longorf.glimmer','18.longorf.glimmer' are the correspongding genes generated by Glimmer;  '03.longorf.glimmer.oneline','08.longorf.glimmer.oneline','09.longorf.glimmer.oneline','18.longorf.glimmer.oneline' are the same genes without '\n' in one gene (the sequence of the same gene is written in one line).

'03.predictedgenes.50.fa' is the predicted gene sequences by our own code, with orf length threshold=50. '03.predictedgenes.100-1.fa' is the multifasta file of predicted gene sequences with orf length threshold=100. '-1' means it starts to read from the first position of the genome. For species 03, all the three reading frames give the same result.

'0517_amino_acids_freq.py' gives out the frequencies of all amino acids which show up in 03.protein.fa. '0517_aminoacids_counting.py' explores what kinds of amino acids are contained in 03.protein.fa.

'0519 Exploring Protein Files from Glimmer'(docx file) records the information of proteomes as well as genomes(frequencies of amino acids, total number of nucleotides, etc), and should be kept updating...

'0519-ORF.py' is the main code for orf prediction. Up till now it can only predict from 'ATG' to one of the three stop codons. I think we may need Machine Learning methods for better prediction? It consists of several parts, with each part interpreted by the comments above. As I use ipython I just put all the codes together and paste the part I need when I run it...

'0519exploring_prot.py' gives out the information of the first amino acids of the predicted proteome by Glimmer.

'0519simpleorf.py' is just an earlier version of '0519-ORF.py'...I forgot I have uploaded it...Thus it can be discarded.
